 but not all of us have money to spend on a game. overall i freakin love it...ma gf too   
 Dont update this new Italian version as its crashing all the time..... WILL NOT LOAD UP!!!!! I used to love it but now its completely crap experience with regards to not being able to play the game!!! Tried everything to correct ie un install then reinstall.   
 I update this game and its crash taking too long time to load I had to wait long time first time its run good but no cars I can see full black behind it plz fix this crashing and can't see any car.   
 It's just so tiresome to have to download a file almost at every race, not always you can spend your data or have a wifi network available   
 Plz add an extra button on screen for helicopter view and importantly commentary volume like music volume for realistic live race thank you   
 The best racing game. Supposed free xD.   
 Earlier I was not able to play 24 Hours track in version 2.6. I contacted support, they asked to try steps like uninstall and reinstall. I followed that and now I am out of the game. The game simply wouldn't load. I now downloaded the latest update, the app opens and loads forever. Very bad.   
 Great graphics and the updates seem to improve the game now but the game does favour or require you to spend more & more money just to slightly improve your advancement in the game ......I would much more prefer a one off price to buy full access to all parts of the game rather than the current system overall it is a good game but unless your prepared to spend a small fortune you only get so far in the game   
 The latest update makes the application crash, stopping each time to open   
Previous also i told that you should improve the game. I told to introduce new tracks such as night tracks. And much important thing that we have to upgrade the cars with gold but it is very difficult to earn gold we cant buy a car from gold it is very difficult and last  why the third parties ads come to my phone when i am paying for this. Please fix these problems as I like this game very much but i am very much angry so i will give only 2 stars. Please take it seriously   
 After the 'timeless Italian racing' update the game won't open offline. It keeps crushing on my Z1. What's wrong with this update? Please have this fixed!   
 Joy of descovering new things. Amazing racing experience. Beautiful car models. Multiplayer chalange excitings. All of those at your hand. I dont need enymore my 17" laptop for adrenaline fillings. I have RR3 on Android!   
 Lag sometime.. But best racing game ever played in Android   
 Good racing controls, no wet races? No night races. Could you incorporate pit stops?? Longer racers 10 laps. Should be able to buy cars.   
 Real Racing 3 is a really good racing game, probably the best available on the play store. The graphics are excellent, the amount of content is superb, and the customisation options are endless. However, the new update especially (06/11) kills battery life, completely melts your phone to the point it turns itself off (Galaxy S4), and doesn't work without a connection, whereas older versions did.   
 From past 3 days my game showing unfortunatly game has stopped..plz plz plz fix this issue i wanna play this fame   
 And maked graphics settings on nexus7 2012 EVEN MORE laggy and unplayable. ///One star for ignoring on purpose popular Tegra 3 chipset. Why on my old Galaxy SII graphics is visibly better? But yes, its a bit laggy and melts my phone after 10 min of gaming - so, I have to play on my tablet, in the version of game wittingly without any optimization for 4-core CPU.   
 Lag issue again, impossible to play. The game runs at 20 fps at most   
 Great game for racing games lovers   
 This game ran perfectly until now sigh......:'(:-( Now won't download pass the EA logo !!! Please fix this ASAP   Why the update everything was working pefectly until now :Oo_O and I am using the HTC one x + Over an hour now has passed and still fix and this game was awesome until now !! Sort it out please !!!!!!!!! Problem is back again 6/11/2014   
 Even though it's freemium, any casual gamer can play without paying a cent. But you do need some patience and re-race completed races to stock up money and wait for cars and upgrades to arrive.  The repair system actual works to your advantage making you drive and own every car.  The steering assist makes this game playable even on a tablet. It can be turned off for pros to get better times for laps.  Now if only I could race using Honda, Mazda & Holden cars too. Also the devs update this app regularly. Some upgrades are too expensive in the later stages.   
 Needs much more tracks!!!!!!! Id suggest tracks like Lake Como, Montreal and the Monte Carlo. PLEASE UPDATE QUICKLY, ITS CRASHING AS SOON AS I GO ONTO THE APP :'((((( Pleease fix this!!   
 Physics are very good and cars have a realistic way of driving. Good variety of cars (90+) with all an other way of driving. Love this app, there weren't much adds but I recently bought the cheapest thing to get rid of them.. I now have a 157h of playtime ;) still like it   
dont update! its crashing all the time i cant even open it! please fix it i really love this game!   
 Awesome game, only problems: sometimes it crashes when crossing finish line (oneplus one) + it takes (to) long to get promoted so you can drive really fast cars...   
 Awesome app love the graphics on this great game.totally addicted.i would like to see the holden vrs ford especially on mt panorama. Its not bathhurst without the holders . latest Italian update sux I cant play it offline now fix it please!   
 It is the best racing game, and i was  enjoying it so much and it deserves 5 stars, however, after the last update, i am not able to play offline. Very very very bad step from the producers of this wonderful game. A little by little i think i will stop playing it. Also, it needs more tracks not force people to play online !?!? That is why i gave 3 stars   
 Game Play and feel and realism is quite good. Really enjoy this game.  My only complaint is that since this latest update, the game doesn't close completely and it seriously eats my battery. The only way I can stop it is to go into the phones app settings and force close the App so it does stop running. Please fix this problem and you'll get 5 stars.  Cheers   
 Looks great,  good control, yet unrealistic and forgiving enough to be entertaining.   
 All issues in past sorted.game is great.graphics r awesome.soundtrack is cool.every racing game lover shud hv dis game.bt b prepared fr lots of updates to b dwnloaded   
 Had this game nearly a year and i love it its all i play on stuff play stations etc.... but since last update its crashing please sort this and add longer laps and pit stops. When i have uninstalled the game and reinstalled i notice there isnt all the latest updates untill i upload my profile so the further u go in the game the more advanced it is excellent game keep on improving and when this crashing problem is sorted i will give 5stars   
 It's an amazing game. But there are some problems. After updating to laferrari content I'm unable to play, RR3 have to connect to internet in order to play the game. In other case, the game keeps crashing even before the EA logo appears. Please solve these problems.   
 One of the best real racing game. Compitition is very small. Auto mode is gud. Virtual friend race option is great. Half of the time we have to maintain cars that is only flaw but that is also reality.   
 Good game. But please fix some bugs like the left brake light of the La Ferrari looks abnormal.   
