 It would be nice if you can make an option that enables easy browsing of images that have been received. As of now its a little difficult to find pic sent a while back...so something that way will really be useful   
 This is my favorite app n i can nver get sick of it...helps me stay connected in the most affordable way..n keeps getting better n better   
 Hey what's app, please add a option that only favorite contacts and can check out my status and profile pic because in my contacts I have many people like watchman, office staff person, office boy, customers  etc etc who are on what's app...  So why this unwanted people keep checking my personal status and profile pic.  So please do needful and add this feature..   
 As the app is really gud at transfering messages...which ofcourse is the work of it and it does it great...but as you want to share anything u cant just mark evryperson nd send it in one go....but you have to send each person independently which is a lot time consuming....as for all a good aap....go for it   
 Cant send to multiple contacts unless they r in a group. Need to send msg to each contact one contact after another. Groups-not like in contacts. Should have a group for sending same message to all members of the group. Members limited to just 50 in a grup. Why the limit?? U wanna send to all u gotta send.. right??   
 whatsapp was known for its immediate transfer of messages. But now server is pathetic. In spite of good internet bandwidth messages take times to get delivered.   
 I suggest you add option for ringtones for contacts ,  I might need some contacts to be silent and others to know they sent me something   
 60 mb video is not going from one mobile to another. If you fix this I will give you 5 stars, please reply.   
 I would suggest adding the option to choose auto backup time. As, at 04 00, my phone is switched off when I sleep. So, it is not backuped.   
 Its a great app I love and enjoy using this application, should be able to send  apk files, excel documents and those other attachments files, would be cool..   
 Good app   
